---
tags:
  - mood-light
  - work-flowing
kind: daily
format: journal
aliases:
  - Daily 2026-05-04
---

# 2026-05-04

- [[2026-05]]
- [[2026-W19]]

## Today

Finally done the [[statistic-modeling]], after gone through these four days "marathon", I would say. I basically done a single paper in five days... Experience: 1. finding that collect policy text is so fxxking hard since its too many "official source" but no one is one-stop for all. 2. Wrong caliber of policy years...
Findings:
1. My data-research template is has passed the test of practice: **README.md** under each folder as a entry and mention them, ask to keep them sync in **AGENTS.md** is really helpful to track the agent work; **Jupytext notebook skill** works pretty good; **Just** add a friendly to use entry for each time Codex done something.
2. ...? IDK but there must be more. But whatever, good night!
3. It is useful if you ask Codex for a "descriptive analysis" and QA report (have them in a notebook) each time something is done when you are doing data analysis.

PS: I found my grandma's body is worth day by day... I should take more care of her :(.

## Open Loops

- [x] I should probably archive what I'm done in [[statistic-modeling]] as well as [[statistic-modeling/workspace]]. (But not today, I'm gonna have a great sleep tonight, after five day "Stay up all night"). Decide at [[2026-05-07]]: I would not distill them into my vault since its a huge project and I'm probably not gonna use them in later my life. Each time you find there are something about "Python 4 Data Science", find  if [[statistic-modeling/workspace]] are something you need.
- [ ] I should learn how to effectively use Zotero these days.

## Touched

- none
